README.md, before:

# About the MicrosoftEdge-Extensions repo

Use this **MicrosoftEdge-Extensions** repo as a community space.  This repo contains sample code, issues, and discussions about Microsoft Edge extensions (add-ons).

[Microsoft Edge Add-ons](https://microsoftedge.microsoft.com/addons/Microsoft-Edge-Extensions-Home) is the store for Microsoft Edge extensions, where you can publish your Microsoft Edge extensions and make them available to Microsoft Edge users.

[Microsoft Edge Add-ons Developer](https://developer.microsoft.com/microsoft-edge/extensions/) is a central portal for information and resources for developing Microsoft Edge extensions.


<!-- ====================================================================== -->
## Code
<!-- sync:
https://learn.microsoft.com/microsoft-edge/extensions/samples#list-of-samples
https://github.com/microsoft/MicrosoftEdge-Extensions/blob/main/README.md#code
https://github.com/MicrosoftEdge/Demos/blob/main/README.md#microsoft-edge-extensions
-->

Use the [Code](https://github.com/microsoft/MicrosoftEdge-Extensions/tree/main/Extension-samples) page of this **MicrosoftEdge-Extensions** repo to access sample code to learn how to build Microsoft Edge extensions.

This repo contains the following samples:

| Name | Folder | Article |
| --- | --- | --- |
| Picture viewer pop-up webpage | [/picture-viewer-popup-webpage/](https://github.com/microsoft/MicrosoftEdge-Extensions/tree/main/Extension-samples/picture-viewer-popup-webpage) | [Sample: Picture viewer pop-up webpage](https://learn.microsoft.com/microsoft-edge/extensions/getting-started/picture-viewer-popup-webpage) |
| Picture inserter using content script | [/picture-inserter-content-script/](https://github.com/microsoft/MicrosoftEdge-Extensions/tree/main/Extension-samples/picture-inserter-content-script) | [Sample: Picture inserter using content script](https://learn.microsoft.com/microsoft-edge/extensions/getting-started/picture-inserter-content-script) |

The files in [/TestCrxPackages/](https://github.com/microsoft/MicrosoftEdge-Extensions/tree/main/Extension-samples/TestCrxPackages) are test extension packages, and you can ignore them.

See also:
* [List of samples](https://learn.microsoft.com/microsoft-edge/extensions/samples#list-of-samples) in _Samples for Microsoft Edge extensions_.  Includes samples that are in the **MicrosoftEdge / Demos** repo.


<!-- ====================================================================== -->
## Issues
<!-- sync:
https://learn.microsoft.com/microsoft-edge/extensions/contact#issues-page-in-the-microsoftedge-extensions-repo
https://github.com/microsoft/MicrosoftEdge-Extensions/blob/main/README.md#issues
-->

Use the [Issues](https://github.com/microsoft/MicrosoftEdge-Extensions/issues) page of this **MicrosoftEdge-Extensions** repo for:

* Communicating with the Extensions team:
  * Report bugs or issues about [Microsoft Edge Add-ons](https://microsoftedge.microsoft.com/addons/) (the store) that affect all Edge extension developers or all Microsoft Edge extension users.
  * Report bugs or issues about Microsoft Partner Center that affect all Edge extension developers or all Microsoft Edge extension users.
  * Suggest new features that could impact or benefit all Microsoft Edge extension developers.
  * Inquire about your Partner Center developer account for Microsoft Edge extensions.
  * Inquire about the review status or certification status of your Edge extension after submitting the extension via Partner Center.

* Communicating with other extension developers:
  * Connect with other extension developers about technical questions related to building Microsoft Edge extensions.
  * Ask about aspects of extensions that affect all extension developers or all Microsoft Edge extension users.

See also:
* [GitHub Issues](https://docs.github.com/get-started/using-github/communicating-on-github#github-issues) in _Communicating on GitHub_.
* [Scenarios for issues](https://docs.github.com/get-started/using-github/communicating-on-github#scenarios-for-issues) in _Communicating on GitHub_.


<!-- ====================================================================== -->
## Discussions
<!-- sync:
https://learn.microsoft.com/microsoft-edge/extensions/contact#discussion-forum-in-the-microsoftedge-extensions-repo
https://github.com/microsoft/MicrosoftEdge-Extensions/blob/main/README.md#discussions
-->

Use the [Discussions](https://github.com/microsoft/MicrosoftEdge-Extensions/discussions) page of this **MicrosoftEdge-Extensions** repo for:

* Discussions with the Extensions team:
  * Follow the latest announcements and updates from the Microsoft Edge extensions team.
  * Request a feature for Edge extensions.
  * Discuss how to improve UI features that are at [Microsoft Edge Add-ons](https://microsoftedge.microsoft.com/addons/).
  * Discuss how to improve extension publishing, management and listing processes or workflows.
  * Provide feedback about features for extensions publishing, extensions management, or processes or workflows for extensions listings.

* Discussions with other extension developers:
  * Discuss technical questions about developing an Edge extension.
  * Share best practices, tips, and tricks with other developers on building, publishing, managing, or acquiring more users for their browser extension.
  * Share ideas about features for Microsoft Edge extensions.

See also:
* [GitHub Discussions](https://docs.github.com/get-started/using-github/communicating-on-github#github-discussions) in _Communicating on GitHub_.
* [Scenarios for GitHub Discussions](https://docs.github.com/get-started/using-github/communicating-on-github#scenarios-for-github-discussions) in _Communicating on GitHub_.


<!-- ====================================================================== -->
## Stay connected

You can follow what's happening with Microsoft Edge extensions via [#EdgeExtensions at Twitter](https://x.com/search?q=%23EdgeExtensions&src=typed_query&f=live).
<!-- possible link: https://x.com/msedgedev/ -->

You can also stay tuned to recent updates and announcements via the [Microsoft Edge Insider](https://techcommunity.microsoft.com/category/MicrosoftEdgeInsider) product community at Tech Community, or search there for [Edge extensions](https://techcommunity.microsoft.com/search?q=edge+extensions&location=category%3AMicrosoftEdgeInsider)<!-- 1269 --> or [Edge add-on](https://techcommunity.microsoft.com/search?q=edge+add-on&location=category%3AMicrosoftEdgeInsider).<!-- 1108 -->

See also:
* [Contact the Microsoft Edge extensions team](https://learn.microsoft.com/microsoft-edge/extensions/contact)


<!-- ====================================================================== -->
## Documentation

* [Overview of Microsoft Edge extensions](https://aka.ms/AboutEdgeAddons)
* [Extension concepts and architecture](https://aka.ms/EdgeAddonsLearn)
* [Supported APIs for Microsoft Edge extensions](https://learn.microsoft.com/microsoft-edge/extensions/developer-guide/api-support)
* [Register as a Microsoft Edge extension developer](https://learn.microsoft.com/microsoft-edge/extensions/publish/create-dev-account)
* [Defining match patterns for an extension to access file URLs](https://learn.microsoft.com/microsoft-edge/extensions/enterprise/match-patterns)
* [Roadmap for Microsoft Edge extensions](https://aka.ms/EdgeAddonsRoadmap)
* [Released features for Microsoft Edge extensions](https://aka.ms/EdgeAddonsReleaseNotes)
<!-- the 4 aka links are noted in the destination .md file -->


<!-- ====================================================================== -->
## Edge-related issues other than extensions

For Microsoft Edge-related issues other than extensions, see [How to Report a Feedback/Bug to Microsoft Edge's Team?](https://answers.microsoft.com/en-us/microsoftedge/forum/all/how-to-report-a-feedbackbug-to-microsoft-edges/20cc8eb5-11bb-43b6-95d1-e004d41ef876)<!-- /en-us/ required -->

Commit message:

assets dir, readmes, move dir

README.md, after:

# About the MicrosoftEdge-Extensions repo

Use this **MicrosoftEdge-Extensions** repo as a community space.  This repo contains sample code, issues, and discussions about Microsoft Edge extensions (add-ons).

[Microsoft Edge Add-ons](https://microsoftedge.microsoft.com/addons/Microsoft-Edge-Extensions-Home) is the store for Microsoft Edge extensions, where you can publish your Microsoft Edge extensions and make them available to Microsoft Edge users.

[Microsoft Edge Add-ons Developer](https://developer.microsoft.com/microsoft-edge/extensions/) is a central portal for information and resources for developing Microsoft Edge extensions.


<!-- ====================================================================== -->
## Code
<!-- sync:
https://learn.microsoft.com/microsoft-edge/extensions/samples#list-of-samples
https://github.com/microsoft/MicrosoftEdge-Extensions/blob/main/README.md#code
https://github.com/MicrosoftEdge/Demos/blob/main/README.md#microsoft-edge-extensions
-->

Use the [Code](https://github.com/microsoft/MicrosoftEdge-Extensions/tree/main/Extension-samples) page of this **MicrosoftEdge-Extensions** repo to access sample code to learn how to build Microsoft Edge extensions.

This repo contains the following samples:

| Name | Folder | Article |
| --- | --- | --- |
| Picture viewer pop-up webpage | [/picture-viewer-popup-webpage/](https://github.com/microsoft/MicrosoftEdge-Extensions/tree/main/Extension-samples/picture-viewer-popup-webpage) | [Sample: Picture viewer pop-up webpage](https://learn.microsoft.com/microsoft-edge/extensions/getting-started/picture-viewer-popup-webpage) |
| Picture inserter using content script | [/picture-inserter-content-script/](https://github.com/microsoft/MicrosoftEdge-Extensions/tree/main/Extension-samples/picture-inserter-content-script) | [Sample: Picture inserter using content script](https://learn.microsoft.com/microsoft-edge/extensions/getting-started/picture-inserter-content-script) |

The files in [/TestCrxPackages/](https://github.com/microsoft/MicrosoftEdge-Extensions/tree/main/TestCrxPackages/) are not sample code; they are test extension packages for testing the update feature.

The files in [/assets/](https://github.com/microsoft/MicrosoftEdge-Extensions/tree/main/assets/) are (todo).

See also:
* [List of samples](https://learn.microsoft.com/microsoft-edge/extensions/samples#list-of-samples) in _Samples for Microsoft Edge extensions_.  Includes samples that are in the **MicrosoftEdge / Demos** repo.


<!-- ====================================================================== -->
## Issues
<!-- sync:
https://learn.microsoft.com/microsoft-edge/extensions/contact#issues-page-in-the-microsoftedge-extensions-repo
https://github.com/microsoft/MicrosoftEdge-Extensions/blob/main/README.md#issues
-->

Use the [Issues](https://github.com/microsoft/MicrosoftEdge-Extensions/issues) page of this **MicrosoftEdge-Extensions** repo for:

* Communicating with the Extensions team:
  * Report bugs or issues about [Microsoft Edge Add-ons](https://microsoftedge.microsoft.com/addons/) (the store) that affect all Edge extension developers or all Microsoft Edge extension users.
  * Report bugs or issues about Microsoft Partner Center that affect all Edge extension developers or all Microsoft Edge extension users.
  * Suggest new features that could impact or benefit all Microsoft Edge extension developers.
  * Inquire about your Partner Center developer account for Microsoft Edge extensions.
  * Inquire about the review status or certification status of your Edge extension after submitting the extension via Partner Center.

* Communicating with other extension developers:
  * Connect with other extension developers about technical questions related to building Microsoft Edge extensions.
  * Ask about aspects of extensions that affect all extension developers or all Microsoft Edge extension users.

See also:
* [GitHub Issues](https://docs.github.com/get-started/using-github/communicating-on-github#github-issues) in _Communicating on GitHub_.
* [Scenarios for issues](https://docs.github.com/get-started/using-github/communicating-on-github#scenarios-for-issues) in _Communicating on GitHub_.


<!-- ====================================================================== -->
## Discussions
<!-- sync:
https://learn.microsoft.com/microsoft-edge/extensions/contact#discussion-forum-in-the-microsoftedge-extensions-repo
https://github.com/microsoft/MicrosoftEdge-Extensions/blob/main/README.md#discussions
-->

Use the [Discussions](https://github.com/microsoft/MicrosoftEdge-Extensions/discussions) page of this **MicrosoftEdge-Extensions** repo for:

* Discussions with the Extensions team:
  * Follow the latest announcements and updates from the Microsoft Edge extensions team.
  * Request a feature for Edge extensions.
  * Discuss how to improve UI features that are at [Microsoft Edge Add-ons](https://microsoftedge.microsoft.com/addons/).
  * Discuss how to improve extension publishing, management and listing processes or workflows.
  * Provide feedback about features for extensions publishing, extensions management, or processes or workflows for extensions listings.

* Discussions with other extension developers:
  * Discuss technical questions about developing an Edge extension.
  * Share best practices, tips, and tricks with other developers on building, publishing, managing, or acquiring more users for their browser extension.
  * Share ideas about features for Microsoft Edge extensions.

See also:
* [GitHub Discussions](https://docs.github.com/get-started/using-github/communicating-on-github#github-discussions) in _Communicating on GitHub_.
* [Scenarios for GitHub Discussions](https://docs.github.com/get-started/using-github/communicating-on-github#scenarios-for-github-discussions) in _Communicating on GitHub_.


<!-- ====================================================================== -->
## Stay connected

You can follow what's happening with Microsoft Edge extensions via [#EdgeExtensions at Twitter](https://x.com/search?q=%23EdgeExtensions&src=typed_query&f=live).
<!-- possible link: https://x.com/msedgedev/ -->

You can also stay tuned to recent updates and announcements via the [Microsoft Edge Insider](https://techcommunity.microsoft.com/category/MicrosoftEdgeInsider) product community at Tech Community, or search there for [Edge extensions](https://techcommunity.microsoft.com/search?q=edge+extensions&location=category%3AMicrosoftEdgeInsider)<!-- 1269 --> or [Edge add-on](https://techcommunity.microsoft.com/search?q=edge+add-on&location=category%3AMicrosoftEdgeInsider).<!-- 1108 -->

See also:
* [Contact the Microsoft Edge extensions team](https://learn.microsoft.com/microsoft-edge/extensions/contact)


<!-- ====================================================================== -->
## Documentation

* [Overview of Microsoft Edge extensions](https://aka.ms/AboutEdgeAddons)
* [Extension concepts and architecture](https://aka.ms/EdgeAddonsLearn)
* [Supported APIs for Microsoft Edge extensions](https://learn.microsoft.com/microsoft-edge/extensions/developer-guide/api-support)
* [Register as a Microsoft Edge extension developer](https://learn.microsoft.com/microsoft-edge/extensions/publish/create-dev-account)
* [Defining match patterns for an extension to access file URLs](https://learn.microsoft.com/microsoft-edge/extensions/enterprise/match-patterns)
* [Roadmap for Microsoft Edge extensions](https://aka.ms/EdgeAddonsRoadmap)
* [Released features for Microsoft Edge extensions](https://aka.ms/EdgeAddonsReleaseNotes)
<!-- the 4 aka links are noted in the destination .md file -->


<!-- ====================================================================== -->
## Edge-related issues other than extensions

For Microsoft Edge-related issues other than extensions, see [How to Report a Feedback/Bug to Microsoft Edge's Team?](https://answers.microsoft.com/en-us/microsoftedge/forum/all/how-to-report-a-feedbackbug-to-microsoft-edges/20cc8eb5-11bb-43b6-95d1-e004d41ef876)<!-- /en-us/ required -->
